[Docs] Update How to 2, points manipulator (#220)
napari-threedee/napari-threedee: docs/how_to/point_manipulator.md

## Instructions

> 1. To run this example, first download the script from the [Examples Gallery page](https://napari-threedee.github.io/generated/gallery/plugin/points_manipulator_plugin/); the link is at the bottom. Ensure the location is somewhere memorable. Or, if you've cloned this repository, the script can be found at `napari-threedee/docs/examples/plugin/points_manipulator_plugin.py`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To run this example, first download the script from the [Examples Gallery page](https://napari-threedee.github.io/generated/gallery/plugin/points_manipulator_plugin/); the download link is at the bottom of the web page. Save the file to a memorable location. Or, if you've cloned this repository, the script can be found at `napari-threedee/docs/examples/plugin/points_manipulator_plugin.py`. 
```

> 2. Ensure you have the appropriate virtual environment active, change directories to the script location, and then you can execute the script using:

Reviewer 2: Fair enough. Should we say "Activate your napari-threedee Python environment?" Or should we just not say anything about environment?

> 2. Ensure you have the appropriate virtual environment active, change directories to the script location, and then you can execute the script using:

Author: I added that because it's what I had to do to run the script while testing all the How To's. Without that my system python gave an error.
Not sure how it can be avoided -- having a virtual env is from the napari install instructions.
One option would be to totally re-do the How To's to work like the render plane one with the virus sample data. No script is run, just menu options.

	```bash
	python points_manipulator_plugin.py
	``` 

> 3. The viewer will open in 3D rendering mode with a Points layer and 3 points and the widget already visible. The widget can be otherwise accessed from the Plugins menu: **Plugins -> napari-threedee -> point manipulator**. Click the "activate" to start the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The viewer will open in 3D rendering mode with a Points layer and 3 points and the widget already visible. The widget can be otherwise accessed from the Plugins menu: **Plugins -> napari-threedee -> point manipulator**. Click the "activate" button to start the plugin.
```

	![plugin opened](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1120672/207382282-dad2bd6f-68cf-47d6-89ed-be326d320f93.png)

> 4. Set the Points later to "Selection" mode by clicking the "Selection" button in the layer controls.

Reviewer: From the text it's ambiguous whether the "Selection" button refers to something in the napari-threedee widget, or in napari itself. I think we need to make it clearer that we need to enter the napari point selection mode, which is only accessible if you have a points layer selected in the layerlist, and is enabled from one of the top row buttons in the layer controls in the top left corner of napari. The fact this button is just an icon, and doesn't have any words until you hover over it makes it important to explain clearly.

Reviewer 2: I believe we have a screenshot with the button highlighted in the docs. Do you think that is sufficient @GenevieveBuckley 

![Screenshot 2024-06-07 at 18 28 29](https://github.com/napari-threedee/napari-threedee/assets/1120672/ea4091ab-06cd-4133-be47-07fd19584922)

Also minor typo fix:

```suggestion
4. Set the Points layer to "Selection" mode by clicking the "Selection" button in the layer controls.
```

Author: There is only a Points layer here, so it will be selected. I think with the visual it's fine?
I think we can assume people have some understanding of the napari GUI if they have gotten to the point of using this quite advanced plugin.

	![point selection mode](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1120672/207382556-9cd2111a-1a01-4102-9de8-4bb87ddad3c3.png)

> 5. Select a point by clicking on it. The point manipulator will appear on the selected point. Note that depending on your versions of `napari-threedee` and `napari` you may see subtle visual differences between your viewer and the screenshots/videos here.

Reviewer: Is this sentence really necessary? Can we remove it?
*"Note that depending on your versions of `napari-threedee` and `napari` you may see subtle visual differences between your viewer and the screenshots/videos here."*

Reviewer 2: I think we should either keep it or make a note somewhere else in the docs. We did update the appearance of the manipulators since these screenshots were created. I think the usage doesn't really change, so we don't have to completely update the screenshots.

My vote for now is to keep it here.

Author: There are differences in the napari UI too, different/extra tool icons.
My idea was to avoid re-do'ing all the visuals -- the videos in particular. 
I just don't have the time for that.
